Good morning today, we are
talking about romance languages.
Any news you want to share?
Eight hours after landing.
There still no signs of first contact, the
objects measure at least 1500 feet tall.
What's going to happen.
I don't know.
More objects like this have
landed around the world.
Dr.
Banks.
I'm Colonel Weber.
You're on the top of everyone's list.
When it comes to translations, I have
something I need you to translate for me
is that..
Not everyone is able to process
experiences like this when's last
time you did something stressful?.
Does now count?
We need answers as soon as possible.
What do they want?
Where are they from?
Yeah, that just happened.
We're one of 12, we're a
world with no single leader.
It's impossible to deal with.
Just one of us.
How do we clarify their intentions?
I go back in, I guess I don't need to
tell you when you put yourself at risk.
That's a proper introduction.
I feel like everything that happens
comes down to the two of us.
I know what it is.
What does it say?
Offer weapon?
I don't need an interpreter
to know what this means.
We don't know if they understand
the difference between a weapon
and a tool China just threatened to
destroy their shell, whatever they do.
It's in Korea will follow.
We could be facing global war.
We need to talk to the other sites.
We have 15 hours before
this all goes down.
Are you dreaming in their language?
I know why they're here.
What the hell is she doing?